Chore: Gateway 3.10 changelog (#8589)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-prompt-guard/_changelog.md

## Changelog

### {{site.base_gateway}} 3.10.0.0

> * Fixed an issue where Kong Gateway was not able to reconfigure the plugin when using DB-less mode.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where {{site.base_gateway}} was not able to reconfigure the plugin when using DB-less mode.
```
